---
title: 南洋加成
permalink: /ny-experience/ny-plus/
description: ""
variant: markdown
---
## Life Skills Programme (LSP)
At NYGH, we are committed to provide a broad-based and holistic education via platforms that serve to develop life skills and engage our students in social emotional learning. The Life Skills Programme (LSP) is one such key platform where our girls learn important life skills, which include soft skills of working with one another in a non-academic setting through different mediums, such as games, camps, workshops, career conferences, learning journeys, class and level activities. LSP is tiered to provide unique types of learning experiences that are designed to meet the developmental milestones and learning needs of the respective levels based on the corresponding themes for each level:

<style type="text/css">
.lsp  {border-collapse:collapse;border-spacing:0;}
.lsp td{ font-family:Arial, sans-serif; overflow:hidden;padding:10px 5px;word-break:normal;}
.lsp .th-30{ background-color:#00558D; color:#FFF;text-align:center;vertical-align:top;font-size:18px; vertical-align: middle; width:30%;}
.lsp .th-70{ background-color:#00558D; color:#FFF;text-align:left;vertical-align:top;font-size:18px; vertical-align: middle; width:70%;}
.lsp .tg-30{background-color:#FFF;color:#3c4764;text-align:center;border-bottom:1px solid #00558D !important; font-size:16px !important; width:30%;;vertical-align:middle;}	
.lsp .tg-70{background-color:#FFF;color:#3c4764;text-align:left;vertical-align:middle; border-bottom:1px solid #00558D !important; font-size:16px !important; width:70%; padding-top:30px;}	
.lsp ul li{line-height:20px; font-size:16px !important;}	
.head {	font-size:18px !important; color:#00558D;text-align:left; font-weight: bold;}
</style>

<table style="width: 100%" class="lsp">  
<tbody>
<tr>
  <th class="th-30">Level</th>
	<th class="th-70">Description</th>
</tr>
<tr>
    <td class="tg-30">Secondary 1</td>
	<td class="tg-70"><span class="head">Integrating into the Nanyang Family</span><br> 
			<ul>
				<li>Dragon Boating</li>
				<li>Orienteering</li>
				<li>3D2N Camp in School</li>
			</ul></td>	
</tr>
<tr>
    <td class="tg-30">Secondary 2</td>
	<td class="tg-70"><span class="head">Engaging the Community</span><br> 
			<ul>
				<li>Community Education - Serving People with Innovation, Commitment and Empathy (ComEd-SPICE) Programme</li>
				<li>Career Exploration</li>
			</ul></td>	
</tr>
	<tr>
    <td class="tg-30"> Secondary 3</td>
		<td class="tg-70"><span class="head">Discovering Self, Venturing Beyond</span><br> 
			<ul>
				<li>Outward Bound Singapore (OBS)</li>
			</ul></td>	
</tr>
	<tr>
    <td class="tg-30"> Secondary 4</td>
	<td class="tg-70"><span class="head">Becoming a Respected Member of Society</span><br> 
			<ul>
				<li>Career Conference and Industry Visits</li>
				<li>Life Skills Workshops</li>
			</ul></td>	
</tr>
	</tbody>
	</table>
<br>

## Global Classroom Programme (GCP)


As a school with a strong bicultural emphasis, we aim to nurture our students' sense of curiosity and deepen their understanding of the world in order to enable all students to possess a global outlook and operate within multinational settings. The experiential learning approach is adopted in this programme, and reflective activities are conducted during and after the trips with our teachers who are trained facilitators.

Our Global Classroom Programme (GCP) is designed to help our students discover the global diversity and develop a genuine understanding of people both within our country and beyond our shores. In travelling the country and the world, our students widen their horizons as they immerse themselves in different practices and cultures, moving towards becoming true global citizens that are critically reflective of international issues. At the same time, this experiential learning experience facilitates adaptive thinking and problem-solving skills and develops student leadership and sense of responsibility to their surroundings, heightening students’ awareness of their role as gracious ambassadors of Singapore.

It is important that our students know our neighbour. At Secondary 2, all our students travel as a class to Malaysia. This programme includes school visits, industry visits as well as cross-cultural learning.

At Secondary 3, all our students gain a deeper understanding of China through the China GCP. This 6-day programme includes school visits, industry visits, cross-cultural learning and experiential learning. 

The school also offers Subject-Based Special Programme GCP for selected students at upper secondary level.