---
title: 财务
permalink: /ny-story/financial-matters-cn/
description: ""
---
由学生支付的费用包括学费，杂费，增强课程及校方与学生共同支付的辅助课程活动。

***

## 学费


学费于二月、四月、七月及十月通过财路收取。

(a) 新加坡公民学生每月收费率如下:


| 年级 | 年级	2022年及之后 |
| --- | --- |
| 中一 | $250 |
| 中二 | $250 |
| 中三 | $300 |
| 中四 | $300 |

(b) (b) 永久居民学生每月收费率如下:

| 年级 | 至2022年12月31日 | 从2023年1月1日起 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 中一 | $750 | $850 |
| 中二 | $750 | $850 |
| 中三 | $820 | $850 |
| 中四 | $820 | $850 |

(c) (c) 亚细安外籍学生每月收费率如下:

| 年级 | 至2022年12月31日 | 从2023年1月1日起 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 中一 | $1250 | $1450 |
| 中二 | $1250 | $1450 |
| 中三 | $1400 | $1450 |
| 中四 | $1400 | $1450 |

d) 非亚细安外籍学生每月收费率如下:

| 年级 | 至2022年12月31日 | 从2023年1月1日起 |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 中一 | $1650 | $2200 |
| 中二 | $1650 | $2200 |
| 中三 | $1800 | $2200 |
| 中四 | $1800 | $2200 |


## Miscellaneous Fee

All Students are required to pay miscellaneous fee of $750 per annum. This is collected through Giro on a half-yearly basis in March and August and covers the following items:

*   Student Protection Plan (Group Insurance)
*   School newsletter / publications
*   Pupil transport for events like field trips and learning journeys
*   Registration for selected external competitions
*   Information &amp; Communication Technologies Education
*   Subscription for e-portal and e-mail account
*   Lifeskills camp for lower secondary
*   Selected sabbaticals
*   Selected enrichment programme

## Enrichment Programme&nbsp;


Enrichment Programmes which are beneficial to students will be conducted during the term or school holidays. The fees for these programmes will be collected through the students' Edusave Accounts or through the Inter-bank Giro scheme in May and September.

## CCA Co-payment


Students are required to contribute a co-payment for the CCA they are in. The annual co-payment for each CCA will be made known to students by February. The amount payable will be deducted through the students' Edusave Accounts or through the Inter-bank Giro scheme

## COLLECTION OF FEES THROUGH EDUSAVE OR INTER-BANK GIRO SCHEME


**Edusave**

&nbsp;The procedure for collection of fees through Edusave Accounts is as follows:

*   Students are strongly encouraged to sign up for the Edusave Enrichment Programme Standing Order (where applicable) for local enrichment programmes.
*   The school will issue a letter giving parents details of the activities or programmes to be conducted.
*   Parents of students with Edusave Accounts will receive an Authorisation Form together with the letter to apply for withdrawal of Edusave funds for overseas programmes.
*   Students will return the completed Authorization Form to the school to process the application.
*   Students without Edusave accounts will make payments through the Interbank Giro Scheme.

**Inter-Bank Giro**

It is compulsory for all students to take part in the Inter-bank Giro scheme. Parents / guardians are to submit the Direct Debit Authorization application form for the scheme upon admission of their daughter / ward to Secondary 1.

**Giro Deduction Timetable For Year 2023**

| GIRO DEDUCTION DATE | DETAILS OF DEDUCTION | FOR THE PERIOD |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 28/02/23 | School Fee (Quarter 1) | January to March |
| 31/03/23 | Miscellaneous Fee (1st Half Year)&nbsp; | January to June |
| 06/04/23 | School Fee&nbsp;(Quarter 2) | April to June |
| 28/04/23  
(tentative) | Personalised Digital Learning Programme Device  
_(For Sec 1 students only; where applicable)_ | N.A |
| 31/05/23 | Enrichment Programme Fee  
_(where applicable)_ | January to June |
| 30/06/23 | CCA Co-Payment | January to December |
| 07/07/23 | School Fee&nbsp;(Quarter 3) | July to September |
| 31/08/23 | Miscellaneous Fee&nbsp;(2nd Half Year)&nbsp; | July to December |
| 29/09/23 | Enrichment Programme Fee  
_(where applicable)_ | July to December |
| 06/10/23 | School Fee&nbsp;(Quarter 4) | October to December  
&nbsp; |


## Scholarship &amp; Bursaries

#### SCHOLARSHIP:

1.  To promote the pursuit and recognize the attainment of academic excellence
2.  To encourage interest and involvement in co-curricular activities not withstanding the demands of academic work
3.  To emphasise the importance of good conduct

#### BURSARY:

To assist financially needy but deserving students in their pursuit of excellence.  
The following scholarships and bursaries are available to our students.

#####   A. MINISTRY OF EDUCATION (MOE) SCHOLARSHIP

**1.**&nbsp;[**MOE EDUSAVE SCHOLARSHIPS FOR STUDENTS OF INDEPENDENT SCHOOLS (ESIS)**](https://www.moe.gov.sg/financial-matters/awards-scholarships/edusave-scholarships-independent)

**2\. MOE UPLIFT Scholarship**

With effect from 1 April 2019, MOE has introduced the UPLIFT Scholarship to recognise the achievements of students in Independent Schools who have performed well academically or in specific talents areas, and are from lower-income families.

The UPLIFT Scholarship is awarded to students who are:

1.  Singapore Citizens attending Independent Schools;
2.  Admitted to the school through Direct School Admission or qualified for the Edusave Scholarships for Independent Schools; and
3.  From families with gross monthly household income (GHI) &lt;= $3,000, or gross monthly household per capita income (PCI) &lt;= $750 (PCI = GHI divided by number of household members).&nbsp; (Note: these students qualify for 100% fee subsidy under the Independent School Bursary (ISB)).

&nbsp;ISB recipients receiving 100% fee subsidy will be auto-awarded the UPLIFT Scholarship. To apply, please submit the completed ISB application form and all relevant documents to the school.

##### B. SCHOOL SCHOLARSHIPS

  
**1\. Nanyang Girls' High School Board of Directors' Scholarship**

*   This scholarship is awarded to the top 10 Secondary One students admitted to Nanyang Girls' High School, based on their PSLE T-score

**2\. Nanyang Girls' High School Scholarship**

*   This scholarship is awarded to the top students with excellent end-of-year examination results and good conduct
*   There are 3 scholarships awarded per level. The quantum will be $600 for the top, $500 for the 2nd award and $400 for the 3rd award

**3\. Liew Yuen Sien Scholarship**

*   This scholarship is awarded to the Model student of the year
*   The student is selected on the basis of excellent academic results, exemplary conduct and a sense of responsibility to school and society
*   The value of the award is $1200

**4\. Chan Choy Siong Scholarship**

*   This scholarship is awarded to students with excellent Higher Chinese results and good CCA record
*   The value of the award is $300

**5\. Ling Siew May Scholarship**

(a) Top Integrated Programme Scholarship

*   This scholarship is awarded to the top Sec 4 student. The recipient will be someone who embodies the 3 tenets of the Integrated Programme, being reflective, responsive and responsible
*   The value of the award is $1000

(b) Top Affiliated Nanyang Primary School Student Scholarship

*   This scholarship is awarded to the top Nanyang Primary School student with a PSLE T-score of at least 275 and has opted for Nanyang Girls’ High School as her 1st choice Secondary School
*   The value of the award is $750

(c) Outstanding Fine Arts Award

*   This award is given to the student who excels in fine arts throughout her 4 years in the school
*   The value of the award is $1000

**6\. Wee Bee Hoon Scholarship**&nbsp;

(a) Outstanding Achievement in Sports

*   This scholarship is awarded to students for excellent conduct, teamwork and sportsmanship
*   One Sports Prize awarded per level&nbsp;
*   The value of each award is $400

(b) Outstanding Community Service

*   This is awarded to the student who exemplifies service above self in her contributions to the school and the community. In addition, she must be of good character and demonstrate good academic achievement
*   There will be one scholarship per level
*   The value of each award is $300, $400, $500 and $600 for Sec 1 to 4 respectively

Note: The recipient of the above scholarship can only be in receipt of one scholarship award per year unless special approval is given by the school.

##### C. BURSARIES

**1\. Ministry of Education Independent School Bursary**

[CLICK HERE](https://www.nygh.edu.sg/sites/default/files/moe_isb_2023_updated_17_oct_2022.pdf)&nbsp;to download MOE ISB Application Form (2023)

*   The applicant must be a Singapore citizen

From 1 January 2023, the revised subsidy levels for MOE Independent School Bursary (ISB) are to as follows:&nbsp;&nbsp;

<table border="2" cellpadding="0" cellspacing="0" style="box-sizing: border-box; border-collapse: collapse; border-spacing: 0px; max-width: 100%; background-color: transparent; width: 546px;"><tbody style="box-sizing: border-box;"><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box; width: 178px; background-color: rgb(204, 204, 204);"><strong style="box-sizing: border-box; font-weight: 400 !important; font-family: opensans-bold;">Income Criteria</strong></td><td style="box-sizing: border-box; width: 355px; background-color: rgb(204, 204, 204);"><strong style="box-sizing: border-box; font-weight: 400 !important; font-family: opensans-bold;">School &amp; Miscellaneous Fees Subsidy</strong></td></tr><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box; width: 178px;"><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 25px;">GHI &lt;= $3,000; or</p><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px;">PCI &lt;= $750</p></td><td style="box-sizing: border-box; width: 355px;"><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 25px;">100%.</p><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 25px;"><u style="box-sizing: border-box;">Additional benefits</u><span>&nbsp;</span>:-</p><ul style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 5px 0px; list-style-type: square; padding: 0px 0px 0px 22px;"><li style="box-sizing: border-box; margin-bottom: 5px;">Free textbooks and school attire.</li><li style="box-sizing: border-box; margin-bottom: 5px;">Full subsidy of national exam fees.</li><li style="box-sizing: border-box; margin-bottom: 5px;">Transport Subsidy: $17&nbsp;transport per month* from the month of approval (for students taking public transport).</li><li style="box-sizing: border-box; margin-bottom: 5px;">School Meal Subsidy</li></ul></td></tr><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box; width: 178px;"><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 25px;">GHI $3,001 - $4,400; or</p><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px;">PCI $751 - $1,100</p></td><td style="box-sizing: border-box; width: 355px;"><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px;">The monthly fees payable by students is capped at $25 per month, the equivalent of GGAS (Government and Government-aided schools)&nbsp;fees.</p></td></tr><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box; width: 178px;"><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 25px;">GHI $4,401 - $7,500; or</p><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px;">PCI $1,101 - $1,875</p></td><td style="box-sizing: border-box; width: 355px;"><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px;">The monthly fees payable by students is capped at $37.50 per month, the equivalent of 1.5 x GGAS (Government and Government-aided schools)&nbsp;fees.</p></td></tr><tr style="box-sizing: border-box;"><td style="box-sizing: border-box; width: 178px;"><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px 0px 25px;">GHI $7,501 - $10,000; or</p><p style="box-sizing: border-box; margin: 0px;">PCI $1,876 - $2,500</p></td><td style="box-sizing: border-box; width: 355px;">&nbsp;33%.</td></tr></tbody></table>

&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; @&nbsp;_PCI = Monthly GHI / No. of members in the household._

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; \*&nbsp;_The public transport subsidy will be based on the number of remaining months_

&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; _in the calendar year in which the application is approved._

**2\. NYGH Financial Assistance**

*   Students who do not qualify for the MOE ISB may apply for financial assistance under the Nanyang Girls' School Financial Assistance Scheme.

[CLICK HERE](/files/nygh_fas_2023.pdf)&nbsp;to download NYGH FAS Application Form (2023).

[CLICK HERE](/files/textbk_n_uniform_2023_revised.pdf)&nbsp;to download NYGH FAS for Textbook / School Attire Form (2023).